tree: Import / Export APIs and demo (#22566)
microsoft/FluidFramework: .changeset/chubby-olives-say.md

---
"fluid-framework": minor
"@fluidframework/tree": minor
---
---
"section": tree
---

New Alpha APIs for tree data import and export

A collection of new `@alpha` APIs for important and exporting tree content and schema from SharedTrees has been added to `TreeAlpha`.
These include import and export APIs for for `VerboseTree`, `ConciseTree` and compressed tree formats.

> `TreeAlpha.create` is also added to allow constructing trees with a more general API than having to use the schema constructor directly (since that doesn't handle polymorphic roots, or non-schema aware code).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`TreeAlpha.create` is also added to allow constructing trees with a more general API instead of having to use the schema constructor directly (since that doesn't handle polymorphic roots, or non-schema aware code).
```
